Club my name is Allen Lyon and I am a
professional retail business owner and
that business is woodcraft it's a
woodworking supply company not only is
selling and being business fun but my
major hobby is woodworking itself the
thing that really pushed me into
woodworking is the fact that my
great-great-grandfather was a cabinet
maker who came over from Germany in fact
I still have his original workbench and
a couple of his tools I've done a little
bit of antique tool collecting that's
taught me how to use some of the older
tools and some of the older techniques
which I thoroughly enjoy doing at the
same time one of the things I've enjoyed
about woodworking and his head and
having a business around that is having
the opportunity to teach other people
and bring them into the craft
I've always started in furniture
buildings because I always had a need
for inexpensive furniture what I've
learned though is that it takes a lot of
time and everything and craft a
beautiful piece of furniture design as
well as an execution of the project I've
been doing this for over the last thirty
five years and I still have an awful lot
to learn woodworking Louisiana hobby in
a way of life it's a it's a great way to
share your passion with other people
because you can make wonderful things to
give to people a handmade gift is much
more valuable and much more respected
than something that's just purchased at
the local drugstore what happened
because you're getting your time and
your energy in today's world time and
energy are very very valuable things a
lot of people on a day-to-day basis sit
at a desk they do paperwork that be on a
computer they don't accomplish anything
that's tangible woodworking is a
tangible part of process it has things
that you end up with that are that can
be very beautiful and you can also screw
them up too but you learn how to make it
better and you work with other people to
learn how to do things
well the biggest life lessons is not to
be discouraged with the work that you do
also to hold on to examples of what
you've done and that over time as you
learn patience and you
become better at what you do you can
look back at an older project and you
can obviously see the difference that
improvements you've made and you can see
that it gives you a great sense of
accomplishment at least the best for me
it's completely relaxing it gets you
away from the computer it gets you away
from having to listen to a radio or a TV
you can slow down take your time whether
you're using heavy power machinery which
you know the thrill and the sound is fun
but then again then you can just pick up
a hand tool and fly the hand plane over
a piece of wood with a little fine
strainer just how's it sound
smells wonderful Romina what I've gotten
out of it is not only great friendships
with many other woodworkers across the
country I've gotten a whole slew of
wonderful toys and tools here in the
shop not to mention a beautiful
household full of a wonderful furniture
that I've crafted my wife loves to show
off what I've made to her friends and it
makes me feel good it gives me a great
food sense of accomplishment and it
makes me but there will come a day when
I won't be able to do it just because I
physically won't be able to pick up the
tools and complete the project without
hurting myself when that does come about
though I'll still be able to teach and
to tell and to show and demonstrate but
it will be a sad day when I have to put
my tools down